Requirements Exercise – Bouncy Ball

- - -

Requirements
1.	(Mandatory) There MUST be a ball that bounces off the edges of the app window (all four: top-right-bottom-left).
2.	(Mandatory) The user MUST be able to draw shapes that the ball will also bounce off of.
  a.	The minimum “area” of the shape MUST be 3px.
    i.	Constraint
3.	(Mandatory) The app should be portable to Chromium-based web browsers.
  a.	If possible, design separate window scaling mechanism for mobile versions of browsers.
4.	(Mandatory) If a user attempts to draw a shape over the ball’s current position, the shape will be rejected/not instantiated.
5.	(Optional) The user should have a selection of brush “materials” to choose from:
  a.	Default: Standard physics interaction, opaque appearance
  b.	Flubber: Magnifies impact forces on both the ball and the receiving shape; translucent
6.	(Optional) The user may use a color wheel to change the color applied to drawn shapes while a particular color is selected.
  a.	RGB(A) color wheel
7.	(Optional) The physics simulation should include a button to toggle gravity on and off for all objects in the scene.
8.	(Optional) There should be a system for game music to play.
  a.	The user should have the option to adjust the volume of the music that is playing.
9.	(Optional) When on a desktop browser, the simulation should adapt to resizing of the browser window.
  a.	Constraint: this adaptation will only occur on the window down to 15% of the max resolution (default resolution).
10.	(Optional) The user may enable a “Tracer Mode” which will cause the ball to represent its path throughout the simulation for a user-defined lifetime.
  a.	E.g. When a user shrinks the size of the window, the edges of the simulation should also shrink accordingly – causing the ball to bounce quicker.

- - -

Other Considerations
•	Does the brush have a limit? What happens if the user fills the screens?

=====

Requirements Exercise - Driving Game (TODO)

- - -

Requirements

- - -

Other Considerations
